Export and document LinkControl's building blocks (#25901)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/block-editor/src/components/link-control/README.md

### isInitialSuggestions

- Type: `boolean`
- Required: No

> Whether this component was rendered to show initial suggestions (the ones displayed right after mounting, before the user even started interacting with LinkControl). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether this component was rendered to show initial suggestions (the ones displayed right after mounting, before the user begins interacting with LinkControl). 
```

Minor.
